make it scream make it burn
Love is not immune from the human hunger for narrative. It’s a hunger I experience constantly myself. Its the hunger from which I make my living.
What vision of the self does reincarnation ask us to believe in? I found something appealing about the vision of selfhood is suggested: porous and unoriginal. It was deeply related to what I loved about recovery — that it asked me to understand myself as interchangeable, to see my dilemmas as shared and my identity as something oddly and inescapably connected to distant strangers. Recovery was another story of reincarnation, after  all: the sober self reborn from its drunken past.
So much of lived experience is composed of what lies beyond our agency and prediction, beyond our grasp, beyond our scripts. So much dwells in surprise, in otherness, in missteps and unforeseen obstacles and the textures of imperfection: the grit and grain of a sidewalk with its cigarette butts and faint summer stench of garbage and taxi exhaust, the possibility of a rat scuttling from a pile of trash bags, the lilt and laughter of nearby strangers’ voices.
Annie’s rules function like formal constraints in a poem, supplying generative boundaries that animate her creative impulse. But they also evoke the procedures of ritual. For Spencer, photographers are “the art-world equivalent of pitchers on the mound,” because all their superstitions about process remind him of baseball players wearing unwashed hats or kissing their gold crosses, chewing a particular brand of tobacco or drawing lucky figures in the dirt with their toes. 
Vegas gets it. There’s no escape from artifice. You can pretend you aren’t performing, or you can admit you’re performing, but either way you are always performing.
Fairy tales are more forgiving than sentimental novels. They let darkness into the frame. Finding darkness in another story is so much less lonely than fearing the darkness is yours alone.
Love is effort and desire — not a sentimental story line about easy or immediate attachment, but the complicated bliss of joined lives.
Objects make private histories public, but they also grant the past a certain integrity. Whenever memory conjures the past, it ends up papering over it: replacing the lost partner with memories and reconstructions, myths and justifications. But an object can’t be distorted in these ways. It’s still just a box of popcorn.

pop song
I wasn’t asking because I didn’t know the answer; I was asking to hear you speak to me.
I relished the discomfort in a secret, perverse way, the way I relished the hickeys and bruises that came from hookups and one-night stands.
That emptiness— the running makes the nothing possible, take one away from one’s self.
I was drawn to the mix of beauty and pain like watching the way butterflies settle on a carcass to taste the blood.
It’s perilous to think of them as chosen. Perhaps a better phrase to use is wound appeal, which is to say: the ways a wound can seduce, how it promises what it rarely gives.
A wound marks the threshold between interior and exterior; it marks where a body has been penetrated.
The space of the abject is a cast-off, rejected space, a space where boundaries break down, between self and object, the self become object.
This is something we all do, cope by aestheticizing our pain.
To turn the camera on a subject is to subject it to your interpretation of the truth. There is violence in it, and there has been violence often in it, but the violence arises from where the subject disagrees with the story the image tells.
Language is resistant to our intent; nonetheless, it is also the most reliable practical means of persuasion we have. Though language is a dark vessel and does not carry quite what I, as a speaking self, might think it does, it still manages to coordinate action between selves more often than not.
There is a balance in ekphrasis — of translating the language of one form into another without falling back on visual description.
I rely on the language of the body too often, when I think no other language will serve.

collected schizophrenia
it shrink wraps the bloody circumstance with objectivity until the words are colorless
No one ever came out of a conversation with the gods for the better.
if i am psychotic 98 percent of the time, who am i? if i believe that i don’t exist, or that i am dead, does that not impact who i am?
We mistake just feelings as feelings for love.
All photographs are memento mori. To take a photograph is to participate in another person’s (or thing’s) mortality, vulnerability, mutability.
To take a photograph, in other words, is to participate in one’s own reality, to be a true member of the world of things.
The diving is nonrational in indicates the limits of symbolic understanding; insanity is irrational and indicates a structural failure of reality.

carrier bag theory of fiction
We've heard it, we've all heard all  about  all  the  sticks  spears  and  swords,  the  things to bash and poke and hit with, the long, hard things, but we have  not  heard  about  the  thing  to  put  things  in,  the container  for  the  thing  contained. 
A  book  holds  words.  Words  hold things.  They  bear  meanings.  A  novel  is  a  medicine bundle, holding things in a particular, powerful relation to one another and to us.
If  science  fiction  is  the  mythology  of  modern technology,  then  its  myth  is  tragic.
